##Lab

In support of the principles of open development and co-creation, it is proposed that the BCDevExchange website be enhanced to not only include functionality and content in the Delivery state, but also allow for the inclusion and sharing of functionality and content that is in the Discovery state (and possibly even the Research state in some cases, such as content). This option may (will?) only be available to users who have signed up with the BCDevExchange, who will then be presented with optional functionality allowing them to switch between the Delivery (Normal) (final, polished state) and Discovery (Lab) (in progress, figuring stuff out, possibly full of disclaimers) states. Users should be able to switch between these states at any time after logging in. When entering the Lab state, the site will provide a message warning to the user that they are entering the Lab, provide any required disclaimers, an overview of the state concepts used in the Lab, and possibly a ‘what’s new in the Lab’ summary. 

When interacting with the BCDevExchange website in the Lab state mode, the current state of each page or function should be clearly displayed to the user at all times, through the display of the appropriate state tag (Research, Discovery, or Delivery). While interacting in the Delivery state, none of the site functions or content will be labelled, as it is all Delivery state (though Resources and Projects would use the same state labelling, and would be indicated as such).

In addition to being able to interact with the BCDevExchange in these two different states, it is further proposed that all functions and content labelled as Research or Discovery (and possibly Delivery), include a function to allow users to provide contextualized feedback or input to the BCDevExchange development team. This will be complemented through the use of an analytics tool to allow the development team to track user behavior and navigation. 
